CBS Core Course Descriptions
This file contains course descriptions from multiple Columbia Business School classes. Most descriptions were taken from the Fall 2021 MBA course listing (https://www8.gsb.columbia.edu/courses/mba/2021/Fall), although one was taken from the Spring 2021 listing (https://www8.gsb.columbia.edu/courses/mba/2021/Spring). I don't possess the copyright for these descriptions; that copyright belongs instead to the professors, the business school, or Columbia itself. However, I believe that this list can be included in my program's files under the principle of fair use (see https://www.copyright.gov/fair-use/more-info.html ).
In adding descriptions to this list, I focused on text that was in paragraph rather than bullet form. I also excluded certain parts of some descriptions, such as general overviews of the topic that didn't address what the class itself was like. Finally, not all courses were added to this list. As a result, this list should not be used as an authoritative reference of classes available at CBS (especially because the course names are not included!)

## Start of course descriptions ##
This course emphasizes the role of marketing in creating value for customers, which in turn creates value for owners, shareholders and employees.
This course provides an introduction to strategic management. "Strategy Formulation" has two broad goals. The first is to understand why some companies are financially much more successful than others. Second, we will analyze how managers can devise a set of actions ("the strategy") and design processes that allow their company to obtain a financial advantage. To gain a better understanding of strategic issues and begin to master the analytic tools that strategists use, we will study the strategic decisions of companies in many different industries and countries, ranging from U.S. technology firms to a Spanish fashion retailer and a Danish shipping company. The primary objective of Strategy Formulation is for you to analyze the sources of companies' competitive advantage. This skill is not only critical for positions in general management but also for those who aspire to careers in banking, consulting, non-profit, social enterprise, and start-up environments. The course will provide the analytic tools to analyze competitors, predict competitor behavior, and understand how firms can develop and sustain advantages over time. 
This course focuses on the skills sets needed to elicit high commitment and productivity from people and groups. Awareness of one's own values, beliefs, decision-making tendencies and behaviors is seen as a crucial first step in becoming a leader. Thus, a significant portion of the course consists of activities designed to enhance students' self-awareness. The course provides students with the interpersonal skills needed to motivate key actors in the workplace and to manage group dynamics so as to create synergy among group members. Methods of instruction include individualized feedback, cases, role-plays and experiential exercises.
The main objective of the course is to develop insight into the process by which firms can create value for their shareholders by formulating strategies in which finance is a crucial competitive weapon.  Topics include discounted cash flow models, risk and return, capital asset pricing model, capital market efficiency, capital structure and the cost of capital, dividend policy, and leasing. 
This course explores the fundamentals of national competitiveness, productivity and growth. It studies the forces that determine production, consumption, savings and investment. It introduces the problem of variable foreign exchange rates and their impact on policy, performance and finance. It explores the complex relationships among government policies and private-sector performance in a global setting.
This course's objective is to give you insight into how markets function. The decisions made by individual managers and consumers generate the fundamentals of market supply and demand, governing the prices and quantities sold in all economic transactions. As a manager seeking to maximize firm value, understanding your market(s) is crucial to achieving your goals.
The first part of the course examines how managers make day-to-day decisions about running their businesses when their product is sold in a market that works efficiently. It will also address what types of industries are most likely to be efficient, either by default (commodities such as wheat and copper) or by design (electricity markets).
The second part of the course examines the decision making process when, for various reasons, a firm has market power. This refers to all situations where an individual firm has a direct influence on the market price of the product. We will discuss how managers can use this influence to generate firm value and set out situations in which managers can try to increase their market power.
We will also use the tools developed along the way to understand the implications of market failure and some public policy solutions to economic inefficiency.
Managerial economics is an important component of the MBA program. Its focus on how individuals make optimal decisions in different circumstances underpins much of both the core and elective curriculum. Our experience in prior years is that much of the material is intuitive, but much is not. The generality of the frameworks  combined with practical industry applications  will help you think about all the different kinds of markets you will encounter throughout your careers.
This course is about modeling and how computer models can support managerial decision making. A model is a simplified representation of a real situation and modeling is the process of developing, analyzing and interpreting a model in order to help make better decisions. Models can be invaluable tools in managing and understanding the complexity and risk inherent in many business problems. As a result, models have become an increasingly important part of business at all levels from daily operations to strategic decision making.
Our emphasis is on models that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including finance, operations and marketing. Applications include advertising planning, revenue management, asset-liability management, environmental policy modeling, portfolio optimization, public health planning and corporate risk management, among others. We use spreadsheets and the tools Solver and Crystal Ball to implement, solve and analyze the models that we develop.
The aim of the course is to help students become intelligent users and consumers of these models. To this end, the course will cover the basic elements of modeling  how to formulate a model and how to use and interpret the information a model produces. The course emphasizes "learning by doing" so that students will be expected to formulate, solve, and interpret a number of different optimization and simulation models using Excel spreadsheets. An important theme in the course is to understand the appropriate use of models in business and the potential pitfalls from using models incorrectly or inappropriately.
Introduces students to basic concepts in probability and statistics of relevance to managerial decision making. Topics include basic data analysis, random variables and probability distributions, sampling distributions, interval estimation, hypothesis testing and regression. Numerous examples are chosen from quality-control applications, finance, marketing and management.
This course examines the generally accepted accounting principles [GAAP] underlying the financial statements, their implementation in practice and the role of the independent auditors. Note is also made of the limitations of financial reports, their evolution in response to changing business conditions, current accounting controversies and the constraints that limit the freedom and influence the course of action of rule makers and regulators. The perspective and main focus are not those of the accountants who prepare financial reports, but rather those of the users of the information contained in them: mostly investors and the financial analysts who serve them, creditors and, to some extent, management.
Provides a fundamental understanding of manufacturing and service operations and their role in the organization. Surveys a wide range of operations topics, including process flow analysis, supply chain management, capacity planning, facilities location, and total quality management. Deals with these topics through a managerial, applications-oriented perspective. The course is integrative in nature, emphasizing the fit and relationship of operations with other functions of the firm.
This course will provide an overview of the fast-evolving U.S. healthcare industry, the major players involved in the production and delivery of healthcare, and the key challenges and opportunities presented by new technologies, financing mechanisms, business models, and the political and regulatory developments engendered by recent legislation.
In the Innovation Salon students will be hearing from industry leaders about challenges and opportunities that face their industries during off-the-record conversations. It will allow them to gain a broader perspective on how businesses across the globe are being disrupted and how innovation is driving new opportunities. There will be unique opportunities for students to interact and network with speakers and selected alumni. Past speakers have included former Wal-Mart E-Commerce CEO and entrepreneur Marc Lore; former Macy's CEO Terry Lundgren; the CFOs of the NBA, MLB, and MLS; Wall Street Journal tech columnist Walt Mossberg; former chief editor of the Wall Street Journal and Washington Post Marcus Brauchli; and retired Air Force General, former Commander of both U.S. Space Command and U.S. Strategic Command Kevin Chilton. 
This course is only open to MBA students. 
This half semester course provides students interested in impact investing with the opportunity to perform due diligence on start-up social enterprises (nonprofit and for profit ventures with a social or environmental mission). Students will be randomly placed in teams that will evaluate social entrepreneurs who have applied for funding from the Tamer Fund for Social Ventures, completing detailed due diligence on the applicants, the social ventures, and the sector. The course will conclude with a written due diligence report and recommendation to the Tamer Social Venture Fund Investment Board.
This course is designed to teach students how to perform due diligence on early stage social ventures, including for-profit and nonprofit ventures. The course is composed of six modules:
Due Diligence  understanding the process that traditional venture capitalists and angel investors use when evaluating for-profit enterprises, with a focus on early stage ventures.
Due Diligence: Emerging Markets  identifying and managing the challenges faced by venture investors in developing countries, examining both traditional investors and investors focused on social ventures.
Funding Nonprofits  understanding how leading philanthropists evaluate nonprofit organizations for donations and other forms of funding.
Impact Measurement  evaluation of the tools used by impact investors and philanthropists to measure their effectiveness.
Deal Structure and Valuations  understanding how investments in early stage ventures are optimally structured and negotiated by venture capitalists and impact investors. 
Presentations and Reports  student teams will provide a one-page overview of the social venture they have reviewed, followed by a 7-minute presentation by each social entrepreneur. Student teams will submit a comprehensive due diligence report on their assigned social enterprise during the exam period following the end of the course.
This course is designed for MBA students interested in impact investing, social entrepreneurship, or philanthropy. The objective of the course is for students to learn both the theory of investing in early stage social ventures and the practice of evaluating early stage social ventures through a due diligence process. This course is not designed for the evaluation of larger/long running social enterprises.
This course focuses on the critical factors and approaches that managers and sophisticated investors use to identify and value attractive business opportunities and investments in the medical technologies sector. It will provide students with an understanding of the current economic and competitive environment for the development and commercialization of new medical devices, including regulatory, pricing, and reimbursement factors. It will highlight new emerging technologies in the field, and explore how to assess such novel technologies and build commercial models for valuation purposes. 
Guest speakers from the medical device industry (company executives, physicians/ surgeons, investors, investment bankers) and investment case studies will be used to provide students with practical insight into this complex sector. Critical issues to be examined include: 
Strategies and risks associated with discovering, developing, and approving new medical technologies, including impact of government oversight and regulation;
Pricing/reimbursement and health policy/ legislative matters impacting the medical technology sector;
Keys to evaluating novel medical technologies and analyzing business drivers and future performance of medical device & diagnostic companies (public and private);
How to build commercial models, including valuation methodologies that successful investors use to value/price companies in this sector;
Conducting due diligence and market analysis on medical technologies from which to formulate investment ideas;
Considerations in taking long and short investment positions in this sector. 
The course is cross-functional in its approach and focuses on "real-world" problems currently facing senior managers and investors in this sector. This course will be useful for students interested in careers in the life science and healthcare services sectors, as well as healthcare consulting, investment banking, equity research, venture capital, private equity, and investment management given the large and growing healthcare practices of such firms. Some understanding of, or experience in, the healthcare/medical technologies sector will be highly valuable.
This course traces the path of a retail enterprise from ideation to implementation. The course will migrate from a macro to micro view of all activities which must be engaged in to launch a retail enterprise: business plan, financing strategy, and organizational, operational, merchandising, and marketing plans. Topics include merchandising, marketing, investment banking, systems design, real estate planning, and store design. Guest speakers include executives from retail startups, established companies, department stores, and retail technology firms.
Building the Sales Machine is a course in three acts focused on teaching students the foundational basics of selling then higher level concept involved in managing and running sales teams and closing with sales at the executive level of running a business. This course is designed to push students out of their comfort zones so that they not only learn important selling tools, but also learn how to apply these tools in the real world. Students will be taught and tested throughout the semester with a series of guest lectures and projects that aim to immerse them in the world of selling. Outside of the curious, students interested in starting their own companies or entering fast growing businesses in sales, marketing, or customer success roles should take this course.
This cross-functional course focuses on real-world' issues for commercializing pharmaceutical drugs in a rapidly changing and complex global business environment.  This course will highlight the influential role external stakeholders (governments, regulators, payers, purchasing organizations, hospitals, physicians, pharmacies, patients, care givers and advocacy groups) and internal functions (early development, late stage development, data management, manufacturing, medical affairs, market access and commercial teams) play along a brand's lifecycle, driving commercial success.
Each day a different area of new technology will be examined as we explore its impact across conventional media industries including television, film, games and publishing. The course is intended to offer students:
The course is designed to study the business dynamics of the four major sports leagues in North America (Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association, National Football League, National Hockey League).  It will compare and contrast the different leagues and select franchises (e.g., large market vs. small market, National Football League vs. Major League Baseball, etc.).  There will also be a discussion on leadership in the business of sports.
Among the topics the course will explore are league structure, valuation methodologies, labor relations and sports as media content.  Grading will be through a combination of class project, class participation and a final.
This course introduces the principles of brand management as practiced by industry leaders today. Although the implementation of marketing programs is undergoing a massive transformation from conventional to digital media, the underlying principles of consumer driven marketing remain essentially the same; we will discuss how great marketing, including digital programming, is driven by a sound understanding of consumer segmentation, brand positioning, distinct product benefits, and relevant in-market executions.
Upon completion of this course, you should understand essential marketing concepts and use them to develop marketing strategies. You will develop this understanding through core readings, basic frameworks, and case studies involving firms such as Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Unilever, Porsche, Nestle, Sephora, and Glossier.
This course is relevant for students interested in driving consumer demand regardless of career path. There are no prerequisites.
Digital marketing has become an essential component of any firm's marketing strategy, but managers are still grappling with this medium which is continuously evolving as well. In this course, we will develop a systematic understanding of digital marketing by learning concepts and tools whose applicability will endure even as specific technologies and implementation procedures change. We will conduct an in-depth study of display advertising, search advertising and social media marketing, at both the tactical and strategic levels. We will invest a significant amount of time on outcome and effectiveness measurement methods and campaign evaluation metrics. Towards the end of the course, we will discuss a host of varied topics such as mobile marketing, media planning, privacy issues and digital ad fraud.
The course will be primarily lecture and discussion based, with cases and real-world situations used to anchor class discussions. Throughout the course, we will invoke academic papers that develop relevant theories and subject them to rigorous scientific tests. Group assignments will reinforce, and extend, concepts learnt in class. Finally, students will conduct (in groups) company analyses for digital marketing companies. We will also hear from a number of industry speakers.
By the end of the course, students will gain a solid understanding of digital marketing topics, and the knowledge to navigate (and "cut through the hyperbole" in) this yet-evolving industry. They will also learn to qualitatively and quantitatively evaluate marketing impact. Many of the learnings will be applicable beyond digital marketing.
This seminar seeks to explore many of the current trends taking place in the Internet ecosystem through a cross-functional approach. At the end of the course, students should have gained a deeper understanding of the market dynamics in the internet economy, the strategic decisions firms need to make, the overall regulatory framework, the relationship between firms to each other and to governments, and a working knowledge of applicable public policy and legal concepts, such as antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, constitutional and international legal doctrines.
The objective of this course is to examine the changes we can expect between now and mid-century, assess their implications and identify opportunities for businesses. We will examine three types of opportunities: (1) those arising because a larger, richer, more urban (but still unequal) world demands more goods and services; (2) those created by addressing the three intertwined challenges of subduing climate change, transforming energy supply, and changing food production; and (3) those arising from transformative technologies over the next thirty years. Some of these technologies --- including biotechnology, artificial intelligence, and robotics --- are poised to bring about changes that sound as fantastical as hyperconnected pocket supercomputer did thirty years ago. Emerging technologies in biology are expected to allow, for better and for worse, much greater control over the genetic basis of life, allow treating many presently incurable diseases, and change the practice of medicine. Robots are likely to become a routine part of life, performing such varied tasks as assisting surgeons and interacting with people in social settings. Developments in vertical takeoff and landing technology are poised to allow electric "flying cars," and hyperloop technology to provide dramatically faster travel within and between dense city clusters in which most humans will live by mid-century. And artificial intelligence, which is still in infancy, will likely transform almost every business and industry.  These and other technologies will change the way we live and work, create new industries, and propel global growth waves that include consumers and companies not only in the developed world but also in emerging markets that are on the path to convergence with the developed economies.
This advanced market research course is based on the idea that to understand customer attitudes, sentiments, and behavior fully, both qualitative and quantitative research methods are required. Students will learn how to select and apply the right marketing research to obtain customer intelligence, make sense of it, and apply it to marketing problems. Throughout the semester, we will emphasize the complementarity of qualitative and quantitative methods, how combining them  tapping art and science  can yield brand-building marketing strategies.  
Whether you want to follow a career in private equity or just want to know how to analyze investment opportunities, define successful strategies and manage companies, this course will provide you with the basic skills to be a successful value-oriented private equity investor, while understanding the particular challenges of investing in Emerging Markets.
Through a combination of lectures, case discussions, real-life examples, and a Private Equity Game Simulation this course focuses primarily on the two key components of a successful private equity business: Analyzing & Selecting Investment Opportunities and Managing Portfolio Companies, with a special focus on crafting winning marketing strategies.
The skills & toolkit you'll learn in this course, go beyond Private Equity. Analyzing & valuating businesses, implementing operational improvements and realizing value for shareholders are key activities for any organization, especially those operating in Emerging Markets. While the course will cover the basics of the Private Equity Industry (its players, business models, sourcing deals, deal execution, structuring and terms, exits, etc.), the focus will be on value creation through strategic marketing analysis of opportunities and management of portfolio companies.
Specifically, we will review key models and frameworks used by top world-class PE practitioners and management consultants to evaluate deals, to better understand industries, drivers of value, players and the likelihood of success of different business models. Additionally, we will focus on how to manage portfolio companies to achieve superior returns and how to diagnose, solve, recommend and implement top strategic corporate decisions.
All of these skills will be developed and discussed through the lens of Emerging Markets, paying particular attention to the added complexity that these markets bring to PE investment, mainly regarding macro risks, information asymmetry, governance and other issues. The courses ultimate objective is to develop a disciplined, structured and analytical approach to consistently help you evaluate deals and manage investment opportunities in Emerging Markets.
The objective of this course is to provide a holistic view of omnichannel retailing, merchandising, and frameworks for retail strategy and analytics in order prepare Columbia Business School students for roles in retail, such as entrepreneurship, startups, merchandising buying/planning, retail consulting, and the retail vertical of private equity firms and investment banks. In this course students will learn how retailers create omnichannel shopping experiences for their customers, the role of the merchant, the basics of omnichannel merchandising, retail metrics, test-and-learn in store, and how to use retail data and trend spotting to predict future sales and trends. In this time of the Covid-19 global pandemic, omnichannel retailing has become increasingly important to how shoppers acquire goods and services. This is an incredibly fascinating time to be studying the retail industry.
The course examines economic and policy issues raised by the rapid changes in the contemporary sports industry. The focus is on understanding the implications of industry structure, economics and culture in both the domestic and international sports businesses. In addition, we consider various forms of public and self-regulation designed to improve the effective operation of sports businesses in the face of this transformation.
Grades will be based on a combination of a group project, class participation, homework and attendance. The group project will be due before the start of class session 5 and two of the groups will be asked to make short presentations of their work during the final session.
This course provides a broad overview of the rapidly changing landscape of television and streaming video platforms. We will take an in-depth look at the TV business, from content creation to final distribution through detailed analyses of all major players in the industry. Through case studies, industry articles, guest lectures, and video samples, The Business of Television & Streaming will expose students to every step in the value chain involved in bringing Hollywood and TV to the consumer.
Over six 3-hour classes, students will be required to prepare cases, participate in discussions, read industry news articles, and complete a final pitch presentation. The pitch presentation will require students to pitch a new TV series, product feature, business line, or service/product for a network or streaming service.
By the end of the course, students will understand the business decision-making needed to manage a TV network or streaming platform.
In this course, we will deep dive into successes and failures. We will meet the celebrities, and/or their teams, and speak with the people who are crafting these deals. We will discuss in real time and in person, the point of view of both the company and the celebrity side, and together assist with the ultimate decision to be made by both parties.
This course will also explore the ever-changing world of entertainment marketing and how the brand is becoming a more influential partner in the entertainment product that gets released into the marketplace. We will take a look at the evolution of "the deal", and what triggers both the buying side and creative side to finally produce what consumers see and hear in their homes, theaters, radios, computers, and phones. We will speak with current players in the space to see how brands are converting their positions from buyer to owner, and how the entertainment community is restructuring their businesses to accommodate this fast-moving reality.
The outcome of this course is to provide students with real-time, real-life knowledge of the celebrity business and for students to leave after 6 weeks with unmatched knowledge about the entertainment and celebrity world.  Students will meet the best in class players in the space, and be able to enter into the entertainment and celebrity industry with real insight and useful tools for success.
The focus of this class is on how to win with a capability-driven strategy, based on defining, developing and deploying differentiated capabilities that provide a unique sustained competitive advantage, including:
The course provides a pragmatic, broad and global perspective. It leverages guest speakers and the instructor's experience in actual cases to discuss how companies have actually developed strategic capabilities over time, both internally and working with strategy consulting firms. It also explores examples from throughout the world of the types of capabilities that are required to pursue and capture global leadership. We will discuss examples and cases from a variety of leading global companies (i.e. AB Inbev, Pepsico) and also explore strategic capabilities from the perspective of other types of competitors
For the final project, the students (in groups) analyze and present to the class the strategic capability set of a leading enterprise of their choice, explaining how it has enabled it to create value consistently and above its competitors.
The skills developed in this course should be broadly applicable to students planning to pursue either a consulting or a general management career.
For the final project, the students (in groups) analyze and present to the class the strategic capability set of a leading enterprise of their choice, explaining how it has enabled it to create value consistently and above its competitors.
The skills developed in this course should be broadly applicable to students planning to pursue either a consulting or a general management career.
Product management is a fast growing field born out of the need for a single person or small team of people within an organization to own the entirety of the end-to-end production process while also understanding and reconciling product decisions with business needs. This course focuses specifically on digital product management and is intended as a primer for those interested in a product management career or those with a general interest in how technology products are made. Those who wants to play at the intersection of technology, business, and management are often well-suited for product management, a role that is often referred to as "CEO of the product". This course is aimed at those without a strong technical background who want to develop the knowledge and skills to get a leg up when founding or joining a technology company.
Creating a great user experience is essential to any business, and technology companies are using it as a secret weapon to usurp incumbent players in almost every industry. UX can be a key differentiator in that it adds a new dimension that emphasizes not only the product or service itself, but instead the consumer's experience of using that product or service. It is a subtle and often misunderstood distinction with profound implications. UX is an essential skill for those interested in a career in technology and/or product management, but more generally, providing a great experience to your customers is a universal imperative for any business. This course is aimed at those without a strong technical background who want to develop knowledge and skills to get a leg up when founding or joining a technology company.
The purpose of this course is to inform future managers, analysts, consultants, and advisors of the psychological processes and biases underlying decision-making, with an emphasis on how to incorporate these insights into marketing and business strategies. This course will help you to improve the quality of your own judgments and decisions in both business and everyday life. People are poor intuitive statisticians, meaning that when they "just think" about situations for which some data or casual observations exist, they tend to make serious inferential errors, in turn leading to systematically biased decisions. We will study some errors that are particularly important for real-world problems and look for easy-to-implement solutions. Note we will not only focus on our own decisions but importantly will also consider how the biases in others' decision-making influence us.
The class has two main facets. First, it will give you a broad overview of important results from various behavioral sciences that clarify how people make decisions. Second, it will provide you with advice about applying these findings to topics in marketing, management, and finance. Classroom time will be devoted to a combination of lectures, discussions, and exercises illustrating the main concepts.
Strategies for Long-Term Growth focuses on what business managers need to know to create and execute strategies that achieve competitive advantage for products and services. This capstone course will provide the insights and tools required to understand how marketing integrates with other key functions across the enterprise  product development, operations, finance and sales  in effectively managing an enterprise.
This course will teach a consultative selling model that can be applied to any selling situation.  But the focus will be on entrepreneurial situations.  Consultative selling suggests that the individual in the selling role acts more like a consultant and clearly determines the needs, problems, and opportunities of his or her customers before making recommendations.  Consultative selling suggests bringing a problem-solving attitude to every customer interaction.
The course will introduce the consultative selling model and the skills that make it work.  Students will learn skills in five specific areas: interpersonal skills, communication skills, presentation skills, facilitation skills, and problem solving skills.  They will learn about the dynamics of the sales call. 
This class is meant to equip students who are considering careers in Product Management (in some ways a "part two" of Professor Paul Canetti's "Introduction to Product Management" class) with an understanding of what it's actually like to be a PM and how to best position yourself to get a job as one after leaving CBS. 
By taking this class, students will come away with a strong understanding of what a career in product management will entail The course will develop a life-long learning mindset for students interested in careers in PM.
This course provides an advanced understanding of the evolving consulting industry and the skills and key learnings necessary to thrive at the levels of project manager through partner and senior partner. 
Through a combination of lectures, class exercises, panel discussions, cases, and real-life examples drawn from the instructors' combined 71 years of consulting experience, this course focuses on: 
The course's ultimate objective is to position students for a successful run as a mid- level to senior-level consultant, knowing how their skills will need to evolve, the subtleties of how to navigate their firms and client teams, and what it will take to thrive. 
This course will focus on national (or organizational) culture in the context of your internship or student experience and beyond. In particular, we will investigate how cultures differ along several dimensions, and how you can identify areas of good and bad fit between a previous culture and the culture in which you now work or study. I will present information on how to classify any culture, how cultural attributes influence organizations and work expectations, and how workers can manage the adjustment to the workplace or academy in non-native cultures. The online class lecture (webinar) will provide you a formal way to analyze how you approach work assignments across cultures and managing cross-cultural teams. At our required class meeting we will have a discussion regarding your cross-cultural (e.g., internship or student) experiences, both in general and with a specific focus on cross-cultural challenges. We will also take time to analyze a cross-cultural business case and to view presentations by your fellow students (see section on Grading and Required Assignments).
Digital Disruption & Technology Transformation seeks to navigate how companies can transform in the face of disruption. Specifically, the class will focus on the challenges and best practices associated with successfully transforming a business to survive and compete with digital competitors.  The class will dissect transformation across all facets of the business: product, marketing, leadership, organizational design, as well as customer acquisition and customer experience. The course will include digital transformation narratives across a variety of different industries in order to show what best practices exist across multiple contexts and to highlight how these practices should be customized to the specific industry.
Students will learn to recognize digital disruption, identify best practices in devising and executing a transformation strategy, efficiently allocate resources to support that strategy, and alter organizational design to ensure the long-term success of the transformation. The course is focused on teaching via the case method with significant in-class discussion on cases provided as well as post-class assignments related to the case.  The course will address all topics in the context of primarily later stage, larger enterprises and should be taken only by students with a serious interest in going into marketing, consulting, strategy, general management, or investment professionals interested in executing turnarounds or other similar strategies.
In this course, students will explore where conflict comes from in family enterprises, and how it differs from non-family ones. We will also talk about why too little conflict can be as much of a problem as too much. Conflict is a "goldilocks problem," and family enterprises need to figure out how to get it just right. A major focus will be on crises: what causes them, how to get out of them, and how to avoid them.     
Students who complete the course will gain both a conceptual understanding of conflict as well as learn practical tools for how to deal with it. It will be useful for students whose families have any kind of shared assets, or for those who are interested in investing, advising, or just better understanding how to manage conflict within family enterprises. It will also be relevant for students who own, work in, invest in, or advise enterprises that are often "family-like", such as partnerships and start-ups.
This integrative course, co-taught by Professor Stephan Meier and Jeff Schwartz, the founding partner and leader of Deloitte Consulting's Future of Work practice, is designed for advanced MBA students to develop an understanding of the drivers changing the nature of work, jobs, management, and leadership, explore the primary dimensions reshaping work and careers, and to prepare students to lead large organizations and startups with an understanding of these new dynamics.
This is an integrative course designed to link and apply core management disciplines (organization, technology, supply chain, HR, marketing, strategy, finance and operations) with the complexities leaders face redesigning and re-imagining work, employing new workforce ecosystem models, and rethinking workplaces, collaboration and virtual work. 
Topics will include the changing nature of work with special attention on human-machine teams, the expanding nature of the workforce including the growth and challenges of the open talent economy (and the combination of on balance sheet employees and alternative employment models), and the evolving nature of workplace arrangements with a focus on remote, hybrid workplaces strategies.  In exploring the impact on leadership, the course will consider the changing nature of careers (including the longevity dividend, the multi-generation workforce, and the challenges of life-long learning and re-invention); the dynamics of organizational strategies shifting beyond hierarchical (bureaucratic and administrative models) to ecosystems, networks, teams, and platforms; the opportunity to expand leadership and management models from a focus on direction and control to teaming, development, social dynamics and design. The course will conclude with consideration of how these changes impact individual workers, business and organization managers, and an introduction to public policy implications. 
In this course, we use case studies, hands-on exercises and discussion with leading practitioners to understand how to manage and lead the accelerated future of work. The class builds on insights about human behavior and microstructure, and as such will be relevant for large and small organizations.
This course is designed to provide students with a rigorous understanding and practical experience in how philanthropy can create social change, including how to:
This course will use fictional narratives (novels, plays, screenplays, film), supported by non-fictional texts, to evaluate a variety of challenges that face developing business leaders. The course will build the leadership resources of each student by offering them the opportunity to live through the experiences of literary, stage and screen characters, reflecting on how the characters successfully or unsuccessfully guide and motivate themselves and others toward desired goals. How are decisions made, how is the context evaluated, how is risk managed, how are internal values clarified, how are others motivated to follow, how are the desired ends achieved? The course will help with resilience and confronting adversity, and improve emotional intelligence, assisting in the development of self-awareness, self-management, social awareness and relationship management.
This course is founded in the belief that the imaginative experience of interacting with fictional narrative offers students a powerful and unique opportunity to improve personal leadership, leadership of colleagues and the organization. The course will impact decision-making, professional choices, personal motivation, and help build skill to confront future challenges.
First Class Attendance is Mandatory. The class is best suited to students taking leadership roles during the MBA experience (club officer, cluster officer, peer advisor, etc.). Leadership roles can involve a wide range of communication challenges mentoring a struggling colleague, persuading investors of your brand, rallying an auditorium of new employees, working the room at an industry event, handling tough questions from the media, running team meetings in ways that elicit candid conversation and learning. While all of us at CBS are strong communicators, few of us are adept at all these different kinds of communication. The goal of this class is to broaden your repertoire, to make you a more versatile communicator who can adapt your way of communicating to meet many different challenges. The world is full of communication experts: actors, screenwriters, coaches, political speechwriters, networkers, public relations experts, diplomats and so forth. This class draws on these different crafts and professions looking for tools and methods that help in the kinds of situations business leaders face. We aim to develop two kinds of knowledge--conceptual understanding and procedural skill. Each session will involve some class discussion about frameworks cases and some active participation in exercises. We rely on role-play simulations and personalized feedback (from peers and through video) to practice and polish the behavioral skills. Our first topic, for instance, is story. We introduce concepts of story structure (e.g. protagonist, five-act structure, sensory details) and apply these to topics you anticipate speaking on as a leader (e.g. Who am I? Why hire me? What makes our organization different?). Then we practice delivering our stories with impact (silence, vocal variety, visuals). Keeping this dual emphasis on concepts and performance, we move on to topics such as coaching, public speaking, networking and making an impact in small groups, facing audiences during crises, and leading meetings.
This six-week course provides an introduction to the complex topics of family enterprise and family wealth. Wealth in the United States and globally has become increasingly concentrated in the hands of a small number of families, which is having a major impact on business, financial, and philanthropic sectors. These families often start with an entrepreneur who creates an operating business, which later evolves into trusts, holding companies, investment vehicles, a family office, and charitable foundations. This conglomeration of holdings is referred to as a "family enterprise" and all the assets of the family comprise its "wealth." Given this trend, it is almost inevitable that each MBA student will own, work for, invest in, or otherwise interact with family enterprises after graduation.
Students will be exposed to a variety of perspectives, including research, analysis, and insider's views on family dynamics, governance, business, investments, and philanthropy. The course will proceed from the perspective of family first and particular emphasis will be given the fact that the family's "human capital" is its most important resource to foster a successful family enterprise and optimize its important role in society. Technical issues, including legal concepts and structures applicable to family enterprises, will also be examined. Guest lecturers from industry and family enterprises will provide real-life context to the class discussion. Students will leave the course prepared to more effectively own, manage, and interact with family enterprises, and with a more nuanced understanding of family wealth as it is now understood by leading global families. This will have a direct impact on future success, both personally and professionally. While the course will be especially relevant for students who come from family enterprises, it will also provide insights and tools for students who intend to work in private wealth management, privately held companies, private equity/ venture capital, and social enterprises. This is not an investment, finance, or family business management course, as those subjects are offered elsewhere in the curriculum. It will nonetheless complement the content covered in those courses.
This course is an incubator for startups making a tangible impact on people or the planet. The spirit of the course is to foster cross-campus access and collaboration to leverage Columbia talent and resources to build your team, access any necessary technology, advance your venture, and gain investor interest.
This course is an application only, 6-week (1.5 credits) structured experiential course offered to MBAs and interested students across Columbia University's schools. Students will build new or advance existing social, environmental, health, and other impact ventures through collaborative investigation, experimentation, iterative design, network building, and compelling presentations to interested stakeholders. Potential ventures are mission driven, financially sustainable, and may span a broad range of sectors. Note that ventures may be structured as for-profit, a hybrid for-profit/nonprofit enterprise, or be a uniquely innovative nonprofit.
This incubator emphasizes the "double" or "triple bottom line" (achieving social and environmental impacts along with a financial return), encourages students to seek large market opportunities, and sets the expectation to materially leverage Columbia's cross-campus talent and resources. Lean Launchpad and Design Thinking techniques will be used. Each session will consist of team presentations, lessons, inter-team collaboration, and mentoring.
Student teams finish the course with a Minimum Viable Product (MVP, no coding required), a validation-driven business model, preliminary pro formas (with data room), an investor ready pitch deck, demo day experience, and a one-page investment circular for introductions.
Launch Your Startup focuses on the evaluation, development and potential launch of a new business. Working individually (or on occasion in pairs), students spend the entire term developing an effective and comprehensive presentation of a real business concept by addressing five key issues: in-depth market analysis, product or service design, development of a marketing campaign, assessment of human resource requirements and building a realistic financial forecast. The output will be a comprehensive business plan and a formal presentation of their idea. 
Students are expected to come with a specific business idea or at least a sincere interest in a particular industry in which they would like to explore the possibility of launching a venture. Projects can be based upon students' own ideas, new technologies from the Columbia Innovation Enterprise or other start-ups that have requested assistance from Columbia MBA students. Industry mentors and a board of directors composed of other class participants provide a reality check as students refine their business opportunity into a written and oral presentation ready to seek funding and commence operations. Faculty members assist in identifying projects, but students are responsible for finding appropriate projects. By the second week of class, all students must have an approved venture project
Foundations of Entrepreneurship serves as the gateway course to the entrepreneurship curriculum at CBS. The class is designed to provide a broad survey of concepts and skills that will benefit aspiring entrepreneurs, as well as students who want to work for a startup, operate entrepreneurially within a more mature organization, invest in new ventures, or some combination thereof.
Each class session is devoted to a particular topic, which we cover through a combination of lecture, case-based, discussion, and in-class activities. Specific topics covered include: characteristics of successful startups and entrepreneurs; techniques for generating, identifying, and evaluating new ideas; forming and maintaining effective partnerships; customer discovery and acquisition; entrepreneurial finance, valuation and deal-making; entrepreneurship in international contexts; startup culture; exits; career tradeoffs; and learning how to pitch yourself and your business. Most class sessions also include a guest speaker, ranging from recent CBS alum entrepreneurs to high-profile VC's and angel investors. Over the course of the semester, students will work in teams to develop an idea for a new business, culminating in an end-of-term pitch and final paper.
Please note that, while all are welcome, this course is designed for students who have limited-to-no experience in the startup ecosystem. This course also serves as a pre-requisite for Launch Your Startup.
This course aims to help students improve their skills in two fundamental ways. One is knowledge-oriented: students learn concepts and frameworks for analyzing and preparing for bargaining. A second route is practice-oriented: students engage in a sequence of hands-on activities, practicing and reflecting, building self-awareness, and honing their skills for creating and claiming value. 
This course is focused on how organizations change, and how to be a change agent in an organization. It emphasizes the forces for change, the change implementation process, the qualities and skills of successful change agents, and the behavioral theory of how individuals and organizations change. Finally, it will help students better diagnose the organizations they will be entering in terms of the change agenda for them and for the company and help prepare them for their role as implementers and agents of change. 
The students will get a bird's eye view of the entire credit investing business (excluding treasuries) and will drill down to specific segments of this important asset class.  At the end of the course, the students will be able to analyze the fundamental drivers behind investing in debt securities and be able to have an intelligent conversation on prices, yields, markets and the different ways to express an investment bias (long, short, hedged).  You will get the chance to articulate an investment thesis both in written and oral forms as you defend your investment decision in front of an Investment Committee.  The goal of this course is to allow you, as an investor, to incorporate your knowledge of credit instruments into your investment decisions across the asset class spectrum.  Or, at the very least, understand how the top right side of a balance sheet thinks and behaves.  Some of the evaluation methods are meant to simulate as close as possible to the life of an analyst at a credit focused (or multi strategy) fund.
This course will provide an overview of the concepts of credit, the structure of the market and its participants as well as analytical skills to participate in it as an investor. The course will cover the major components of debt securities including corporate debt, asset backed securities, real estate, municipal and sovereign debt plus more.  We will learn how to set up trades on an outright and hedged basis and learn the correct trading terminology to participate in the market.  We will cover the decision one makes in security selection, hedging, exchanges, credit activism and much more.  We will spend time on municipal and sovereign investing as well and understand what distinguishes this asset class from others.  Finally, we will dive into the shallow end of bankruptcy and distressed investing world and learn the skills necessary to participate in it.  Most of the course will be from the perspective of the investor but will also cover borrower motivations that impact structure and terms of its borrowings.  While some of the concepts are covered in other classes including Debt Capital Markets and Real Estate Finance, the goal of this class is to understand the application of how to invest in the particular asset class.
Students will investigate the forces that influence the creation, development, and evolution of financial market systems and electronic trading to understand the role financial technology (FinTech) will play in the future of capital markets. 
The course will begin with an introduction to the foundational basics of markets systems, mechanics of traditional sales and trading, and the concept of market liquidity. Students will then progress to learning about the role of technology in financial markets, the mechanics of electronic trading, and current technology-driven trading strategies like high-frequency trading. The final section of the course will cover the growth of electronic trading in fixed income, and conclude with an examination of the platform building process in capital markets.
The course will review public pension history, the current marketplace, and the role public pensions play in the overall retirement security in the U.S.  The course will address the current challenges that public pensions face, specifically the well-publicized funding crisis.  Public pension design (defined benefit, defined contribution, hybrid), and the actuarial concepts on which it is based, will be discussed and evaluated as both the cause of and potential solution to the pension crisis. The class will discuss public pension governance structures and the emerging body of governance research, touching upon investment infrastructure and expanding models of delegated authority.  In addition, the course will focus on public pension investment policy and investment portfolios including the move into alternatives, private markets, and ESG investments as pension look for more investment return.
Students pursuing careers in asset management (portfolio management, client service, or business development) or investment consulting should be interested in this course to better understanding how the largest clients in these sectors are managed and operated.  Students interested in the role public pensions play in retirement security in this country today, and how these organizations will evolve to address the challenges they face, should be interested in this course. Finally, students interested in the growing influence of public pensions and their part in "institutionalizing" newer investment strategies (activism, alternatives, private markets, and ESG) would benefit from this course as well. 
This class is designed to teach its students exactly how. Working in groups, students pilot new industries through the regulatory process, navigating the halls of power and the economics of disruption by analyzing the regulatory and political obstacles in their way. Students will figure out how to properly assess their opponents, develop and execute the right narrative in the media, build a grassroots movement, effectively lobby elected officials, regulators and political staffers, overcome entrenched interests standing in their way, and ideally, not only win legality for their idea, but build a regulatory moat to box out potential competitors.
The focus of this course is the $27 trillion US housing market, the largest real estate market in the world, a topic of ongoing interest but with particular resonance this year as the President and Presidential candidates debate how to privatize the GSEs and address the acute current lack of housing affordability that has resulted in decreased home ownership, greater renting, record homelessness, and a massive backlog in manufactured housing as first time home buyers are shut out of the traditional stick built market.
The course's objective is to teach the student how to develop, value, finance, and invest in residential real estate and residential real estate debt securities and derivatives as well as to understand how the US residential financing system works. Given its' broad and deep sweep, students will learn about a wide range of topics ranging from the importance of fits and finishes in selling homes in a new subdivision, to how to entitle land, to how blockchain is being used to disrupt the mortgage origination process, to how to create an Agency residential CMO companion bond. A range of housing types will be covered including: single family subdivisions, market rate urban condominiums, low and moderate income housing, workfore and student housing, manufactured housing, and senior residential living communities, and rental apartments. At the end of the course we will also focus on one selected overseas market. For Fall 2019 the focus will be China where housing accounts for two thirds of Chinese household assets and as such is one of the critical keystones supporting China's economy, government, and political stability. The three focuses of the course, the Dirt, Debt and Derivatives will each make up about one third of the course.
This course will introduce fundamental concepts and a high-level overview of the burgeoning blockchain and cryptocurrency space. The course will begin by providing a background in fundamental concepts in Computer Science such as in cryptography, distributed systems, and data structures. It will then move on to an in-depth overview of blockchain, the history of Bitcoin and the proliferation of new consensus models, ICOs, smart contracts, and more.  Industry guest speakers will share their perspectives.
No prior knowledge will be required to take this course.
Real Estate Equity Securities Analysis will serve as a substantive introduction to the REIT and real estate securities sectors, conceptually, and as an investment. The course will provide the requisite analytical tools to value real estate stocks; we will utilize conventional securities analysis tools, on an applied basis. The ultimate goal however, is to look at real estate securities investing holistically. As such, the course will incorporate qualitative, strategic and technical considerations into the quantitative valuation analyses  the intent is to reach more rigorous and successful investment conclusions. We will utilize case studies and include senior guest speakers from issuing REITs as well as securities analysts and portfolio managers from the buyside and the sellside. Real Estate Equity Securities Analysis will provide the actionable skills and broad analytical insight to participate successfully in a sector that has emerged as one of the most important drivers of the real estate industry globally.
The purpose of this course is to provide the student with a comprehensive understanding of both theory and practice in the commercial real estate debt markets both from the perspective of capital providers as well as property investors. The approach will be to make sure students first have a thorough grasp of the relevant theories and models used to value these assets and then to apply that understanding to reality seeing the limitations of the theory. Students will learn how to underwrite, size, and analyze a variety of commercial real estate debt including balance sheet first mortgage loans, first mortgage loans for securitization and CMBS, and subordinate debt structures including mezzanine loans, B- notes and preferred equity.
The course will also teach the student how to analyze the $800 billion CMBS market, the largest commercial real estate debt market and the associated CRE CDO, CRE CLO and CMBX markets both from a theoretical and practical perspective. These markets finance about one quarter of all commercial real estate debt. They were also at the heart of the recent commercial real estate bubble, collapse and rebirth. Some time will also be devoted to agency "CMBS (multifamily)" markets including FNMA DUS MBS, FHLMC K certificates and Ginnie Mae Project and construction loan certificates. As a final project, students will be grouped into teams and given commercial real estate securities to analyze on a Bloomberg to make investment decisions.
All students who would like to understand these critical markets and their connection to the commercial property markets are welcome. The course would be particularly appropriate for students wishing to pursue careers in real estate finance and/or trading, creating, investing in, researching, selling or regulating commercial real estate securities. The course is also recommended for students wishing to pursue careers as developers or investors in commercial real estate properties themselves (" the dirt") but want to understand how to fund their ventures via these instruments and how volatility in the real estate debt capital markets for these instruments can create opportunities and risks in the property markets themselves.
The core curriculum at CBS gives students the building blocks for quantitative modeling, DCF analysis, and securities valuation based on the outputs of these models. But what happens in the real world of investing? This class will build on the Core's forecasting toolkit with a more qualitative approach, and prepare you to create realistic, stress-tested, multi-dimensional cash flow forecasts for use by investors across the capital structure, along with the assumptions that go into them.
This course is designed to introduce the student to a number of the most frequently encountered types of strategic international business arrangements -- including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances, capital markets transactions, project finance, intellectual property licensing, and international private equity and venture capital transactions. We will compare and contrast deal elements common to international transactions regardless of type. In addition, we will look at how specific elements of the U.S. regulatory environment and foreign regulatory environments affect international transactions and will consider what kinds of barriers -- legal, financial, cultural, commercial, practical, and ethical -- businesses face in cross-border deals. What are the elements which make a transaction truly international? How do international transactions differ from purely domestic ones? What is the role of the lawyer and the business person in international transactions?
The course is designed to introduce business students to the application of value investing concepts and disciplines to digital businesses. We will cover a wide range of digital business models in companies at a variety of stages and development.
The course is organized around major digital business models and industry verticals. After the introductory sessions, each week will closely examine a leading digital company (or companies) within the model/vertical at issue, as well as an alternative established or emerging digital competitors. The analytical framework will be reflected in an Investment Committee Memorandum template that will serve as a basis for class discussion. The template incorporates the key decision-making variables relevant to a value investing approach. The first half of each class will focus on the overall sector identified and leading company example.
The second half will include Investment Committee Memo presentations by two student groups on the alternative digital business examined. Some sessions will include participation of relevant leading digital investors or executives. In addition to weekly readings, the two textbooks for the class are: Value Investing: From Graham to Buffett and Beyond (VI) by Bruce Greenwald et al. and The Curse of the Mogul: What's Wrong with the World's Leading Media Companies (COM) by Jonathan Knee et al. The reading assignments for class combine chapters of the book with relevant background materials on the general sector and specific companies studied.  
The purpose of this class is to answer these questions and equip students to profitably employ short-selling investment strategies. We will introduce students to all aspects of short-selling. However, we will assume that students have prior knowledge of the basics mechanics of shorting a stock, as well as various accounting tricks and "shenanigans" that companies employ to mask weaknesses in their business. To that end, we will provide some materials that should be reviewed before the start of class to review these concepts.
In class, we will first dig into the academic literature behind short selling. We will discuss what has worked historically, and whether or not it has been successful as of late. We will then read and discuss case studies on "famous" shorts and frauds. We will, with the benefit of hindsight, try to identify inflection points in the arc of each company. The students will also become familiar with the risks of shorting frauds too early. We will examine various short selling strategies, including "activist shorting", that are currently being employed in the markets. We will evaluate what elements make for a compelling short "pitch." Additionally, students will learn about idea sourcing, portfolio management, risk management, and compliance.
While the title and focus of the class is "Short Selling," it is important to note that the techniques and investment approaches we will discuss are highly applicable to long-focused investing as well. Deciding not to own a security that is included in a tracking index is functionally the same as shorting the security, and understanding a company's true profitability (and not the version that it promotes through its accounting decisions) is highly important for valuation efforts. A deep and skeptical research approach should assist fundamental analysts in all fields. We will approach this topic from both theoretical and practical perspectives, drawing heavily on the academic literature around short selling as well as highly-experienced practitioners. We will examine what makes a profitable short, and pay particular attention to unsuccessful shorts and
how to avoid them. The mosaic of analysis will include accounting, market microstructure, fundamental factors, behavioral finance, value-added research, and various valuation approaches.
This course will help students learn the process of performing investment case studies.  Investors use case studies to build a library of mental models and real-world analogies to facilitate pattern recognition in order to make superior investment decisions, refine search filters, identify key investment factors, assess how investments are likely to play out, develop and monetize their circle of competence, and to understand the life cycle of investments and where we stand today in that cycle.  This class is complementary to the Value Investing Program.
This will be a demanding class meant for the student intent on entering the investment management industry post-graduation. As such, only students who demonstrate a compelling interest in professional investment management will be admitted, and admission will be limited to 10 students to ensure quality of experience for all involved. This seminar is not open to the bidding process and no auditors will be allowed. 
The purpose of this section of Advanced Investment Research is to help students learn how to "rip apart" a company and draw thoughtful conclusions about whether it might make for a good investment opportunity. Topics will include stock selection, identifying the key investment factors, developing a variant view, and networking with industry contacts to help confirm or refute one's thesis. The class will culminate with students delivering a detailed research recommendation on a single investment idea to a panel of judges. The goal is for students to leave class with an actionable investment idea and a framework for how to develop and research ideas in the future. 
This class will be demanding and potentially overwhelming if you are not prepared to dedicate significant time and energy to it. Students should expect 20-25 hours of work per week outside of class, and the work load may be higher if you have not previously done detailed fundamental investment research. We recommend that you do not take this class if you are unable to put in this amount of time because you will not be able to keep up, and you will not be happy with your final grade. Note: this class will also include a substantial pre-class assignment which will be a material part of the final grade.
This course combines the methods and teachings of security analysis with practical buy-side methodologies to identify and research attractive value investments. Emphasis will be placed on the development and implementation of a sound and repeatable research process. Both long and short methodologies will be covered during the semester.
This course will leverage your theoretical learning in security analysis plus require you to develop business acumen and industry expertise. A combination of fundamental analysis and assessment of intrinsic value will be balanced with thematic thinking and business judgment. The course should arm you with the tools to identify attractive value investments through a variety of methodologies for several alternative fund strategies. Throughout the semester, students will prepare five full investment memoranda on assigned stock securities. After the first name, which will be assigned to the entire class, subsequent stocks will be assigned to small groups of students. Certain students will be required to develop the long thesis while others develop the short thesis. Ultimately each student will select one of their ideas to further develop (long or short) for a final presentation to the class and outside fund managers. The class will be kept small to take advantage of the instructional method. Class discussions will be complemented by guest discussions from highly regarded investment professionals from the long only and hedge fund community.
The course's objective is to present a rational investment philosophy and process for equity security analysis and capital allocation.
This course is designed to provide a framework for understanding these issues. As several other emerging market economies hope to follow China's footsteps, the conceptual framework in the course should help one to better appreciate risks and rewards in these economies as well. 
In this course, we will discuss what motivates the Chinese as savers, consumers, workers, and entrepreneurs. We will explore both the people factor and the government factor underlying China's growth story. We will not be satisfied with simply repeating the conventional wisdoms, but will probe deeper than what we often read or hear. We will also combine conceptual knowledge with practical insight by inviting distinguished speakers with rich business or government experience to share their perspectives on China's business environment and other related topics. 
This course will explore the science of climate change and its related economic and environmental impacts, and carefully examine the financial tools and techniques that can be applied to combat climate change in the context of evolving global policy. Specific areas to be covered include the use of capital markets to create market-based emissions trading systems, venture capital to develop low emissions technologies, project finance to build clean energy projects, and corporate finance to manage businesses impacted by climate change and ultimately, related regulatory changes.
This course is about countries well enough developed to attract capital and have significant financial markets but not fully modernized  countries like China, India, Turkey and Brazil  but also Greece and Iceland. It explores the institutional foundations of financial markets and centers on the question: what factors make emerging financial markets different from developed financial markets? It begins with the question of why some countries grow and others do not. We will find an important role for institutions. We then turn to financial institutions in particular and explore the important connection between the development of financial institutions and economic growth.
What is "entrepreneurial finance"? In short, it is a course designed to learn how to evaluate, finance, and capitalize on new business opportunities. More generally, we know that finance studies valuation and the allocation of resources under uncertainty. Indeed, fundamental topics in finance (e.g., valuing cash flows, assessing the cost of capital, choosing among suppliers of funds, and aligning incentives for value maximization) are as important for entrepreneurial firms as for more established firms. However, the capital market for financing entrepreneurial activities, and private equity investing more generally, differs fundamentally from capital markets considered in standard corporate finance. New and growing firms likely to have less information about their future prospects. Investments in private companies are also often illiquid and under-diversified, hence difficult decisions about financial contracting have to be made.
The primary objective of the course is to provide an understanding of the concepts and institutions involved in entrepreneurial finance and private equity markets. Since entrepreneurial finance and private equity investing are intrinsically linked, the course is purposefully designed to be broad and comprehensive. As an entrepreneur, you cannot negotiate effectively without understanding investors' motivations. As an investor, you cannot evaluate a potential investment opportunity without appreciating entrepreneur's perspective and incentives. Therefore, the course is designed for students who are interested in either pursuing entrepreneurial activity or financing entrepreneurial ventures.
This six-week course focuses on design and implementation of strategies for the management of portfolios of private-market real estate investments. Topics include devising alpha strategies, approaches to diversification, creating investment plans to achieve different risk profiles (core, value-add, opportunistic), performance measurement and analysis, etc.  Class sessions will be made up of lectures, guest speakers, and student presentations. There will be a final case project, to be done in groups, due after class sessions have ended. Grading will be based on class participation and written assignments.
Real Estate Transactions is to provide you with an understanding of the institutional framework of commercial real estate transactions.  It is the complement to the analytics of finance and investment.  Real estate transactions draw upon a vast array of laws and regulations  property law, contract law, land-use law, environment law, securities law, constitutional law, corporate law, bankruptcy law, insurance law, and riparian law.  Tax considerations similarly play a significant role in shaping transactions as real estate is highly sensitive to taxation at all levels of government and across all stages of property ownership. You should finish the course knowing how the terms and conditions spelled out in a term sheet find their way into particular sections and provisions of a deal's legal documentation. To succeed in this business, you will need to be savvy consumers of legal expertise, notwithstanding the knowledge and expertise of your attorney.
The course focuses on the set of concepts and techniques used to analyze and finance income-producing real property. It starts with the characteristics that make real property different, including cash flow uncertainties, debt sources and tax features. It then considers the available strategies and structures of real estate finance, including capital structure choices for construction and permanent financing. Extensive use is then made of cases to illustrate the range of choices and outcomes.
This course, a joint offering of the Law School and the Business School, concerns the regulation of capital markets: The Exchanges and the variety of other institutions devoted to the trading of securities. Secondary trading markets perform three important social functions. They provide liquidity for investors, allow more efficient allocation of  risk, and incorporate information into prices (which in turn serve as vital guides to real economic activity). The reliability and effectiveness with which capital markets perform these functions and  their costs of operation are determined in significant part by the rules governing the persons who operate, and trade in, these markets.
The course will begin with a consideration of major domestic and transnational capital market institutions. It will then address the economic theory that explains how capital markets operate and the incentives that motivate their various players. These beginning segments lay the groundwork for a more informed discussion of the substantive law that governs capital markets. The course, with its focus on persons who operate or trade in capital markets, should be distinguished from Securities Regulation, which is devoted primarily to the regulation of the behavior of issuers and their agents in connection with the primary offering and secondary trading of their securities.
This course is designed to be an applications oriented course and will draw heavily upon real world change of control case studies. The course builds on the prior courses in corporate finance. The course will not introduce significantly new finance principles or analytical techniques other than those to which the student has been exposed to previously in the prerequisite introductory courses in finance at Columbia. The course will seek to apply basic finance principles and analytical techniques to actual problems likely to be encountered by senior management of major corporations or those who are the advisors to such management in the context of an M&A transaction. At the conclusion of the course, the student will have gained an appreciation for the role M&A plays on today's corporate landscape and have formed an opinion as to whether or not an M&A transaction "makes sense" for the firm. The student should expect at the conclusion of this course to have gained a level of competency in M&A commensurate with an entry-level investment banking associate in M&A. Whether or not the student "practices" M&A, the course will afford the student with an insider's look into what is an undeniable major force on today's corporate landscape. Accordingly, students who are interested in investment banking, consulting, equity research, corporate development, corporate lending, strategic planning, private equity, leveraged finance, or proprietary trading many wish to consider this course.
This course applies financial theory to the issues and problems of asset management. In order to understand these issues, we must start with the specific goals, characteristics, and considerations of the asset owner. Asset owners may be individuals (e.g. personal wealth), collective owners (e.g. families or pension funds), charitable endowments and foundations (e.g. Columbia University), corporations, and nations (e.g. sovereign wealth funds). We characterize the properties of asset returns and the nature of various
investment strategies to assess how asset management can meet the specific investment goals of asset owners. Asset owners usually delegate management of their portfolios to financial intermediaries, which may invest across a broad array of assets or specialize in a certain investment style or asset class. The delegated nature of investments necessitates understanding the principal-agent issues and market frictions associated with each type of asset class.
Bridging the American Divides is an elective designed for Columbia Business School students to gain a better understanding of the causes and consequences of the American divides  and what might be done to help bridge them as future business leaders. A primary focus will be on the linkages between business decisions and practices and how they impact the divides. The course also examines how each of us plays a personal role in directly or indirectly enabling and fueling the divides. Co-taught by Professors Todd Jick and Bruce Usher, the course will be offered in two sections with both joint and separate activities and will include numerous guest presenters, extensive class interaction, and a four-day visit to Decatur, Alabama.
REAP (ReEntry Acceleration Program): Reforming Mass Incarceration and the Role of Business, is a 1.5 credit course designed to introduce current and future business leaders to the impact of the U.S. criminal justice system on employment and entrepreneurship prospects for formerly incarcerated people. We will explore both the challenges of our correctional system as well as potential solutions.
Food Entrepreneurship covers the basic knowledge necessary to develop a food product, restaurant/food retail businesses,  and other miscellaneous food related endeavors from the initial idea through early growth. This course is focused on stage one small business success. We supplement in class learning with notable guests from all areas of the food world. The course is divided into five sections. Section 1 lays the foundation by outlining the challenges of opening and maintaining financial and personal success; and, a discussion of current food trends. We also focus on the the creative process to develop and test ideas and to define and attract the market.  Section 2 is an in depth discussion on the restaurant and retail food businesses.  This section approach is from new business start perspective. We begin by defining challenges of concept development, branding and operations. Then we discuss financial information and reporting that are unique to these types of food businesses. We instill a general understanding of profit or loss and strategy including industry financial benchmarks. It also covers analytical tools used to ensure success.  Section 3 discusses issues of starting a food product business, covering product development, packaging, testing, and an understanding the logistics involved in  sourcing ingredients, manufacturing, sales and service. Section 4  covers other food related business both on-line and location based. We discuss relationship based sensory marketing/gastrophysics. Section 5 We summarize labor issues, government regulations and laws current and future. We discuss  the development of a second phase expansion strategy. In this section we create a pocket business plan.
The goal of this course is to provide students with the essential tools of game theory, and demonstrate their use by applying them to a variety business situations and cases.
The course will describe the major players in Debt Capital Markets, key institutions, broad empirical regularities, and analytical tools that are used for pricing and risk management. Some parts of the course will be analytical while others will be largely institutional. Each session will be organized around one or two key topics. In addition, class notes will be used to supplement and clarify issues. Some selected papers will also be kept in Canvas to serve as background reading for class discussions.
Advanced Corporate Finance develops the "art and science" of optimal strategic decision-making by applying corporate financial theory to cases of financial policy, financial instruments and valuation. In particular, the following topics are studied: cost of capital and capital budgeting, discounted cash flow valuation and financial multiples, payout policy, equity and debt financing, option pricing theory and applications, corporate control and recapitalizations. The classes are structured to maximize the synergy between theory and practice, providing students portable, durable and marketable tools for their internships and careers.
This class is suitable for students looking to make executive strategic financial decisions, including investment bankers, consultants, CFOs and corporate treasurers, portfolio and investment managers, and students interested in private equity.Advanced Corporate Finance should be considered a capstone course. This is an advanced course in which students are expected to perform professional level work.
The purpose of the course is to help students understand, predict, adapt to and shape the evolving world of political economy from the various vantages they will hold during their careers. Part One examines the foundations of modern political economy laid by the grand masters Smith, Marx, Keynes and Schumpeter. Part Two examines development in American political economy during the 20th century. Part Three examines whether events so far in the 21st century signal sea changes in American and international political economy.
This course is a sequel to the core course Global Economic Environment. Building on the fundamentals introduced in that course, we develop a conceptual framework to explain the complex interactions between macroeconomic policy, asset prices, and business cycle fluctuations. In particular, we examine macroeconomic forecasting, determinants, and implications of budget deficits, the conduct and implementation of monetary policy, and the determinants of inflation in the U.S. and other market economies around the world. Special attention is given to the interactions between macroeconomic forces and asset prices.
Since an important goal of this course is for students to become informed and sophisticated consumers of economic news, the issues discussed in this course draw heavily from current events and real-world examples.
Three characteristics distinguish our approach. First, we focus on the large strategic decisions which firms face rather than more detailed, operation/managerial issues. Second, we seek broad principles that can be applied across many firms and markets, rather than anecdotal success stories or institutional details that apply only in limited cases or as a result of quite idiosyncratic factors. Finally, we develop these broad principles from the framework of microeconomic theory. As such, potential answers will be subjected to the rigor of economic analysis to test their validity and applicability.
The approach toward teaching and learning is primarily inductive. That is, you will learn the concepts and principles outlined above largely through examples  this is the essence of the case study method. The goal is to carefully study specific business situations and decisions with the goal of extracting broader principles about business strategy, which will then be available to you in a wide variety of managerial contexts. Course time will be split roughly 65/35 between case discussions and lectures.
Good cases are necessarily complex and ambiguous. In preparing for case discussions, you may find sorting through this complexity and ambiguity to be frustrating. The problems presented in the case discussion may not have one correct answer. However, there will generally be a set of insights and solutions that are better than others. And it is in working through the messy details to find these insights and solutions - both in your own preparation and in class discussion - that the concepts and principles introduced in the readings and lectures will come alive and be enriched for you.
This course will provide a framework for thinking about climate change and its consequences for business. The perspective taken will be that of senior executives or CEOs in industries affected by climate change. The course is intended for students who are interested in consulting careers, who are likely to encounter these issues as they move between companies and industries. It is also relevant for students interested in corporate strategy, which in many cases will be affected by the issues in the course. And for students going into fund management, who will need to think about the challenges that climate will pose for the firms that they invest in and to analyze which companies will be well-placed to cope with these. The course is also relevant for students interested in impact investing, green investing/SRI, and careers that have a direct relationship to environmental issues. It will also be of relevance to those seeking careers in the investment, consulting, or even general management area, where there will be issues relative to a firm's or investor's social-responsibility, or to project choice in the face of environmental impacts, that even mid-level managers will have to worry about.
This course provides students the opportunity to learn business analytics and data science by working on a set of company sponsored applied projects. Students teams of 5-6 people, with 3-4 MBA students and 1-2 engineering (SEAs) students, will work hand in hand with the instructors and company representatives to achieve company goals through the practical application of data analytics. 
This class is an intensive introduction to R. It starts with the very basics of assigning variables and reading data. It then progresses to using RMarkdown for document and presentation creation.
This is the last semester 'Introduction to Programming Using Python' will be offered; starting in the Spring, a new course, 'Python for MBAs' will be offered, and will be a requirement to take more advanced electives. To ensure first-year students do not find themselves in the position of having taken Python, but not being eligible to take more advanced classes, we are restricting this last iteration of 'Introduction to Programming Using Python' to second-year students. Much of the material covered in this class will now be covered in an optional weekend seminar that will be offered during the fall semester - we suggest you sign up for this seminar instead, and then take the more advanced 'Python for MBA' class in the Spring. Instructions on signing up for this seminar can be found in your orientation material; the sign up link here:
This course is an introduction to programming with Python for total beginners. Python is a really popular language used by companies like Google, Facebook, Dropbox, Instagram, and Reddit. Python is used for all sorts of things like building websites, web scraping, data analysis, machine learning, and natural language processing. The language is designed to be easy to read, while still being very powerful, which makes it a great language for beginners to learn.
In this course, we'll be learning the basics of programming  variables, strings, lists, functions, and all that stuff  but we'll be doing it with a focus on business use cases. You'll learn how to write scripts that automate tedious tasks, read other people's code, parse and interpret data, interact with APIs, and build web scrapers. This might be one of the most useful classes you ever take.
Sports analytics refers to the use of data and quantitative methods to measure performance and make decisions to gain advantage in the competitive sports arena.  This course builds on the Business Analytics core course and is designed to help students to develop and apply analytical skills that are useful in business, using sports as the application area.  These skills include critical thinking, mathematical modeling, statistical analysis, predictive analytics, game theory, optimization and simulation. These skills will be applied to sports in this course, but are equally useful in many areas of business.
There will be three main topics in the course: (1) measuring and predicting player and team performance, (2) decision-making and strategy in sports, and (3) fantasy sports and sports betting.  Typical questions addressed in sports analytics include: How to rank players or teams? How to predict future performance of players or teams? How much is a player on a team worth?  How likely are extreme performances, i.e., streaks?  Are there hot-hands in sports performances? Which decision is more likely to lead to a win (e.g., attempt a stolen base or not in baseball, punt or go for it on fourth down in football, dump and chase or not in hockey, pull the goalie or not in hockey)?  How to form lineups in daily fantasy sports?  How to manage money in sports betting? How to analyze various ``prop'' bets?
The main sports discussed in the course will be baseball, football, basketball, hockey, and golf.  Soccer, tennis, and other sports will be briefly discussed.  Students are welcome to pursue any sport in more detail (e.g., cricket, rugby, auto racing, horse racing, Australian rules football, skiiing, track and field, or even card games such as blackjack, poker, etc.) in a project.
Class sessions will involve a mixture of current events, lecture, discussion, and hands-on analysis with computers in class.  Each session will typically address a question from a sport using an important analytical idea (e.g., mean reversion) together with a mathematical technique (e.g., regression).  Because of the "laboratory" nature of part of the sessions, students should bring their laptops to each class.
Unrelenting technological progress demands entrepreneurs, executives, and managers to continually upgrade their skills in the pursuit of emerging opportunities. As "software eats the world", executives from all industries are increasingly called upon to be "Full Stack": capable of making competent decisions across domains as diverse as digital technology, design, product, and marketing.
In this course, we begin with primers on code, design, and product management. Once the foundation is laid, we examine the best practices for building great products and exceptional teams. We conclude with an overview of how technology is changing the way products are marketed, distributed, and monetized. Our goal is to equip "non-technical" executives with the terminology, tools, and context required to effect change in a software and internet-driven world.
This course provides an advanced, critical analysis of the delivery and payment of healthcare services in the U.S. It will analyze the attractiveness and feasibility of new approaches to address the challenges facing providers, payors and patients operating in an inefficient, misaligned, and fragmented healthcare system. Particular focus will be given to the impact of the 2009 HITECH Act as well as the Affordable Care Act (ACA) of 2010. There will be guest lectures by some of a variety of major leaders in healthcare business and policy. Students with limited knowledge of healthcare payment and delivery systems are unlikely to benefit from the course given the advanced nature of the material that will be covered.
This course is designed for students who wish to increase their capability to build, use, and interpret statistical models for business. It builds on the statistical background gained from B6014, the core course in managerial statistics. Students with questions about the course are encouraged to contact the professor.
A primary goal of the course is to enable students to build and evaluate statistical models for managerial use in finance, operations and marketing. The focus is on generating managerially useful information and practical decision-making tools, rather than on statistical theory per se. A number of actual business cases are studied.
Concepts covered are multiple linear regression models and the computer-assisted methods for building them, including stepwise regression and all subsets regression. Emphasis is placed on diagnostic and graphical methods for testing the validity and reliability of regression models.
Course topics include a review of basic statistical ideas, numerical and graphical methods for summarizing data, simple linear and nonlinear regression, multiple regression, qualitative independent and dependent variables, diagnostic methods for assessing the validity of statistical models. The course studies applications of regression to business forecasting and also examines alternative times series forecasting models, including exponential smoothing.
While the primary focus of the course is on regression models, some other statistical models will be studied as well, including cluster analysis, discriminant analysis, analysis of variance, and goodness-of-fit tests.
Term project: A major aspect of course is the opportunity to carry out a practical statistical analysis project of one's own. Students work in teams on a problem of their own choosing. The goal of the project is to develop a useful statistical model for a specific business problem, with the professor providing ongoing guidance and advice during the course of project. The teams will give an oral presentation of their results at the term's end.
Excel is used for basic statistical analysis as well as for developing straightforward regression models. In addition, more advanced commercial statistical software, such as Minitab or SAS, is used to carry out more complex and advanced analyses. In addition to the term project, there will be several computer-based assignments.
This course examines both traditional and new approaches for achieving operational competitiveness in service businesses. Major service sectors such as health care, repair / technical support services, banking and financial services, transportation, restaurants, hotels and resorts are examined. The course addresses strategic analysis and operational decision making, with emphasis on the latter. Its content also reflects results of a joint research project with the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, which was initiated in 1996 to investigate next-generation service operations strategy and practices. Topics include the service concept and operations strategy, the design of effective service delivery systems, productivity and quality management, response time (queueing) analysis, capacity planning, yield management and the impact of information technology. This seminar is intended for students interested in consulting, entrepreneurship, venture capital or general management careers that will involve significant analysis of a service firm's operations.
This course extends and deepens the material you learned in business analytics. We will apply these methods in more unstructured and diverse situations, introduce new analytics tools and methods (including Tableau Visualization, text mining, and random forests), and study a modern framework for overfitting reduction called regularization that underlies much of modern machine learning. This course does not require coding or knowledge beyond Business Analytics, but the mathematical sophistication level will be somewhat more advanced.
This course provides students the opportunity to learn about i) approaches to doing consulting; ii) key considerations diving strategic decision-making in the healthcare industry; and iii) the chance to put these concepts to practice by working on a set of company-sponsored applied projects.  Student teams of 5-6 people, with 3-4 MBA (CBS) students and 1-2 medical (CUIMC) students, will work hand in hand with the instructors and company representatives to achieve company goals through the practical application of fundamental core business practices.  Through these projects, students will be exposed to the unique challenges and opportunities in the healthcare sector.  Some examples of potential projects include:
This course guides the student in acquiring alternative data, extracting insight from it for both macro and micro applications, and combining the data with accounting information to evaluate the fundamental underlying investment value.
In investment analysis, there are many decisions to be made in achieving a fundamental understanding of a company or opportunity. Finding the ground truth regarding a company's positioning, operations, and prospects is not a trivial task. In this course, we will learn to accept that there is no predefined formula to identify, quantify, and project the challenges and opportunities that exist in a complex organization operating in a constantly evolving global environment.
The student will work with real datasets and will benefit from direct advice, experience, and practical insights of portfolio managers, research analysts, and former government officials to derive value from the world of information in front of them.
Modern alternative data resources and techniques will be shared and applied. 
This half semester course will provide an overview of a deal from the strategy phase, through the execution and harvesting of value. Companies pursue transactions for a variety of reasons, but the fundamental reason is value creation. This course will address the financial reporting considerations for each phase of a transaction.  There are many motivations for transaction. For purposes of creating value, execution and effective communication with stakeholders are almost as important as identifying the right target.  While we will touch on the perspectives of all participants in the financial reporting ecosystem, the primary focus is on the users of this information. Specifically, this means gaining an understanding of the information content of financial reports.  The objective is to obtain a level of literacy with respect to the accounting and reporting guidance relevant to transactions to allow the student to become an effective deal advisor.
Most business decisions of investors, managers, analysts, consultants and entrepreneurs require you to assess the future. You will learn a different approach to make better decisions using the fundamentals of businesses. Students who have taken this course often comment on how it transforms their thinking and analysis. It also is a useful "capstone" to the MBA core.
We consider both a startup and public companies and learn how to use both financial reports and supplementary information sources to understand the business to be able to make better forecasts and decisions.
We will cover some topics/concepts that are in financial statement analysis, earnings quality, security analysis and valuation classes. But I have never received feedback that the coverage in this course is redundant irrespective of other courses taken. We will focus on understanding how businesses create/destroy value and how to change this, and discuss if this is in the price or not. 
This course helps students understand how firms communicate through financial statements. They learn how to:
use financial statement analysis as an integral part of the strategic analysis of firms;
interpret financial statements, analyze cash flows, make judgments about earnings quality and uncover hidden assets and liabilities;
apply financial statement analysis prospectively to forecast and value firms by applying modern accounting-based technologies.
Students are also exposed to the latest academic research on fundamental analysis. The course has a very practical emphasis, with a wide variety of cases, in-class exercises and a group project, all involving comprehensive analyses of publicly traded companies.













